# Week 11 Day 1 Notes (Retrospective)

:exclamation:  :shock: ! It's the last week of my batch ! :shock: :exclamation:

I'm planning on consolidating most of my summative feelings into a technical
talk for Thursday, so this check-in will remain largely focused on the work
I've gotten done over the weekend, and on Monday.

### tldr;
*  `twiggy` maintenance work
*  `twiggy` "good first issue" mentoring
*  Cranelift metaprogramming work
*  `wasm-pack` dependency management

Friday and Saturday were spent on a PR restructuring the analysis code for
`twiggy`, dividing various analyses out of a single increasingly monolithic
file, and into individual submodules. This was eventually merged, and any
commit that includes a "-1500" change gets an A+ from me. Aside from the
increased maintainability and approachability that this added, it felt really
neat to have come all the way from "I'd like to try contributing to an OSS
project" to "I am a maintainer that gets to help tend to a codebase" during my
time here.

One issue in the `twiggy` repository had been marked as a "good first issue,"
and someone took care of that over the weekend. I got in touch with the other
maintainer, and suggested some tasks I'd had in mind that would make for ideal
next tasks for this person. After my aforementioned PR landed, I opened these
issues up, and checked in with the person to see if they would like to take a
swing at these. Repeating the theme above, it felt really cool to have come
all the way from "I'd like to try contributing to an OSS project" to "I am a
maintainer that gets to help mentor newcomers" during my time here.

On a different front, I have some more work to tackle for the Cranelift
project. There were some details to iron out regarding how some of the
previous metaprogramming refactoring work that I completed should be
published, which tied into some nuances about how Cargo handles relative
paths, etc. This has been figured out now, and the next steps in this
refactoring process were laid out in the meta-issue. I've started working on
this again now, and it's been a lot of fun. Once again, repeating the theme
above: It felt really cool to have come all the from "I'd like to try
contributing to an OSS project" to "I am helping with an ongoing large task,
and feel confident working on parts of a compiler back-end" during my time here.

Finally, I had some responses to a very long-running PR for `wasm-pack`,
regarding how to manage/check for some closely-related dependencies that the
tool uses. This relates to some of the non-trivial details of semantic
versioning, and I think there is a decent solution that's been identified at
this point.

I might or not be checking in as frequently this week, job hunting and whatnot
has had me fairly busy, but I would love to grab food or spend some time
talking together with various folks before my batch ends! Thanks to everybody
for being kind and curious. :heart:

---

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bbsNInbydGQ

:sparkles: :information_desk_person: :sparkles:
