# Week 9 Days 1-2

Fell of off my check-ins, but I'm having a pretty decent week! I've started
doing the PLP problems, now that I'm starting out on the job hunt. It's been
fun to dive back into Python, and I've enjoyed pairing up with different folx
on these problems so far. If you'd want to pair up on something tomorrow or
next week, feel free to come say hi!

I put together a little presentation on Rust's macros for the study group this
week, which was a good excuse to learn more about a little corner of the
language that I had not previously used much. Another highlight was the
Localhost event, which contained a bunch of really interesting first-hand
experience regarding building reliable large-scale systems.

Project wise, I have ended up spending some time focusing on adding some new
features to twiggy. As someone who holds the controversial opinion that
refactoring is very enjoyable, it's been great! After noticing some minor
discrepancies that have arisen in the code as different people contributed
various bug fixes and minor features, it's been fun to consider how all of
this can be cleaned up, and how some analysis logic can be consolidated.

A big victory for the week was having the first point in my life where I was
responsible for applying some updates to respond to some breaking changes
upstream in various dependencies, all by myself! The primary maintainer of the
project was out for vacation, so I got to take care of this on Tuesday
:D It felt good to realize I knew how to solve these problems, and
keep things stable.

Aside from that, found out that my work from the weekend was merged, and I
finished up a follow-up PR continuing on that, after solving a problem I'd
been stumped on yesterday. :crab:

