# Week 4 Day 0 Notes

I spent some time over the weekend working on my Cretonne and Twiggy projects,
and made some really important progress!

For twiggy, I can now successfully parse through all of the items in an object
file. There are still different variants that I need to account for, but the
issues that I had been dealing with regarding loops and the DIE tree traversal
are now fixed. On the cretonne front, I was also able to get some important
conceptual work done regarding how to refactor some of the inheritance
structure into a network of trait objects and enums.

I also spent some time learning about APL and K, two array based languages,
with my friend. We were able to write a program that finds the largest number
that is a palindrome in some given range. That was a lot of fun, and these
languages were a fun thought exercise that made me consider different
programming paradigms that I previously hadn't spent time looking into.

Today I aim to work on a `wasm-pack` issue, to coordinate versions of a
dependency and only install this package when needed.

---

Spent the first half of the day working through documenting the work required
to solve the `wasm-pack`, and familiarizing myself with the changes to the
codebase that have been made since I last looked through it.

The PR that I had previously made to the project helped me get a good start
on this, and the project is now layed out in such a manner that I think I
should be able to get this done by the end of today :D

There are also some really neat approaches to things that have been added to
the code, and I am having a lot of fun so far.

---

Got a fair bit of work done on this `wasm-pack` issue, and spent some time
planning some future events at RC. Talked with some friends about their
projects, and got some preemptive reading finished to prepare for some of
the stuff I would like to do.

Was also reminded today about a really neat essay I loved and forgot about,
comparing memory-unsafe languages to industrial tools, and how this mental
model can inform our considerations of the languages we use for different
tasks.

